During the Culling Game arc in Jujutsu Kaisen, Kenjaku awakened many ancient sorcerers from bygone eras inside the bodies of people living in the present day. The strength and power of each of these sorcerers vary, ranging from very weak, to medium strength, all the way to incredibly powerful, as in the cases of Haba, Hazenoki, and Kashimo respectively.

However, perhaps the most powerful technique of all these participants, and probably the strongest technique in all of Jujutsu Kaisen, belongs to an ancient sorcerer named Angel, who currently inhabits the body of an unassuming young girl named Hana Kurusu. This technique is powerful enough to kill the strongest sorcerer of all time, Ryomen Sukuna, and it would have finished the job were it not for a simple mistake, so let's analyze Angel's Cursed Technique.

As for her past, there is very little information about who she was before the Culling Game. All that is known is that she was a sorcerer of the Heian era who was part of the Desshi Pacification Squad and that she made a deal with Kenjaku to be reincarnated in the Game. However, unlike the other ancient sorcerers, her goal was to oppose Sukuna and Kenjaku, only willing to participate in the Game in order to eliminate all the other incarnated sorcerers, since she considers the possession of their current bodies a violation of natural law.

Instead of possessing her current host, she formed a symbiotic relationship with her; a young girl named Hana Kurusu. When Hana was a child, she was kidnapped and held hostage for a year by a Cursed Spirit. One day, Megumi found the Spirit and exorcised it with his Divine Dogs, saving Hana from its clutches, an event that caused Hana to develop romantic feelings for him. However, along with that, she was also deeply inspired by his kindness, wishing to dedicate her life to helping people just as Megumi helped her.

As for her power level as a sorcerer, Angel and Hana have not displayed particularly strong physical or close-combat abilities; however, they have survived the Culling Game with ease. Perhaps the most important thing for this is that Angel has repeatedly proven to be cunning, perceptive, and to have a deep knowledge of jujutsu, which makes her an important asset to her current allies. For example, she immediately deduced that Megumi and Yuji, by claiming to have been looking for her, must have learned about her technique and then used that as leverage to win the good side of her new allies and their (apparent) willingness to help her in her goal: killing Sukuna. When the first Tokyo Colony was flooded with over a thousand foreigners with no sorcerer status, Angel correctly determined that the one responsible was Kenjaku, who was looking for a safety measure in case the players of the Culling Game did not sufficiently raise the ambient cursed energy of the Colonies (for the ritual of merging Tengen with the population of Japan).

Perhaps most impressive is that Angel was the only one to realize the true nature and potential of Takaba's innate technique, despite the man's carefree and frivolous behavior. She initially realized that it could have helped Hana survive Sukuna and then recommended that Takaba be sent after Kenjaku. Furthermore, Angel's knowledge of jujutsu extends to the mechanics of Domain Amplification, the dynamics involved in a clash of domains, and the potential recovery of a depleted technique using Reverse Cursed Technique.

Of course, what really makes her the key piece that she is is her innate cursed technique: Technique Extinction.

Angel's Cursed Technique is arguably the most powerful in the entire series. The main reason for this is that it has a property called 'Nullification', in which, after the technique has been cast, any technique caught under its light is completely nullified. There are no exceptions to this rule, which means that even if Gojo or Sukuna are caught in the attack, they too would lose their techniques.

Even barriers and various Cursed Objects are not an exception to this rule, since Extinction remains the only way to open the Prison Realm aside from finding its back end, which implies that no other form of Jujutsu is beyond it. Another aspect of this technique is the reversal of incarnation, which essentially means that it can remove incarnated sorcerers from the vessel they inhabit. Although there is a small chance that the vessel survives this forced removal, its death along with the incarnation is much more likely.

Of course, that's not all, since Angel/Hana can use the Maximization of her technique, called Jacob's Ladder. By using this technique, she conjures a four-winged trumpet in her hands, as well as a large circle of light in the sky above her. This circle consists of a heptagram in the center and incantations along its edge that resemble crosses. When Angel blows the trumpet, an enormous, wide pillar of light pierces through the center of the circle and encompasses everything below it, extinguishing the techniques of any person or thing caught in it.

Despite the power of this technique, it was only seen used once. Angel's main objective is to bring down someone she calls 'The Disgraced One', who turns out to be Sukuna. After he takes Megumi's body, Hana unleashes Jacob's Ladder on the King of Curses, nearly killing him where he stands. However, her love for Megumi blinds her from finishing the job, which allows Sukuna to deceive her and take her out of the fight.

Of course, even though her ability is specifically an option for countering other techniques, we cannot overlook how absolutely ridiculous it is to have the capacity to take down the King of Curses in a single blow, something no other character in the series could do. Angel is clearly the key piece for the development of much of Jujutsu Kaisen's final twist, making her a character who is not only extremely interesting given her past and motivations but also for her role in the story in what we have seen.