The cursed spirits from Geto's, or Kenjaku's, group in Jujutsu Kaisen are easily some of the characters with the most prominence in the entire series, showing and explaining to us everything from their conception to their development, as well as a large part of the range of abilities available to special grade cursed spirits like them. However, only one of them has shown us two stages in the development of cursed spirits, and in my opinion, that makes him fulfill a rather particular role in the story. Of course, I'm talking about our favorite creature from the depths, Dagon.

When we first see him, it's easy to notice the contrast between Dagon and the rest of his companions, since the intimidating curses like Jogo, Mahito, and Hanami give us the impression of developed cursed spirits, and almost from the very start they show us their power levels. Dagon, however, is a small exception, since his physical form is rather cute and not very intimidating, and on top of that he doesn't participate in combat in this form. Of course, later on we realize that Dagon's chubby little octopus form is actually his stage as a cursed womb, a kind of metamorphosis stage in which he has not yet acquired all his special grade powers, though he is clearly not defenseless, being able to devour hundreds of humans with his torrents of water. Given his small form, it's easy to overlook Dagon, but keep in mind that this curse was born from humanity's fear of aquatic natural disasters, making him in theory as powerful as Jogo, as well as being a sort of counterpart to him. The reason we consider Jogo to be much stronger than Dagon is that the latter has not had time to develop and learn how to use his abilities.

It's not until his fight against Nanami, Maki, and Naobito that Dagon is forced to evolve and leave behind his cursed womb form, becoming a full special grade cursed spirit. With this, his form changes radically, reminding us more of a Lovecraftian Cthulhu than a cute red octopus. His power level immediately skyrockets as well, far surpassing first grade sorcerers.

Another aspect that changes radically with his transformation is his personality. In his cursed womb form, Dagon is shy, quiet, and sensitive, crying when he feels threatened. But in his final form, Dagon is imposing and intimidating, demonstrating a great love for his fellow natural disaster curses, as well as a strong desire for revenge and self-preservation.

In terms of power level, Dagon is a special grade curse with the dangerous ability to generate and control water. This makes him a great threat, close to the level of his allies, despite his lack of hostility while he existed as a cursed womb. Even when he was docile, Dagon could easily dispose of dozens of weak non-sorcerers by devouring them all at once with the water. However, in this basic form he was vulnerable when alone and could not stand up to strong sorcerers like Naobito.

Of course, Dagon is much more powerful in his evolved state, in part due to his increased intelligence and his physically imposing form. In this form, he can generate water on such a scale that Maki claimed it far surpassed the Maximum Elephant. Neither Naobito nor Nanami, working together, could exorcise Dagon as quickly as one would expect from two grade 1 sorcerers. Naobito, head of the Zenin clan at the time, recognized that Dagon had raised his cursed energy to immense levels and had access to a wide range of techniques. Dagon's jujutsu was only outmatched by Naobito's speed until the cursed spirit created an opportunity to unleash his Domain Expansion.

Dagon's general intelligence matured exponentially when he evolved. When his cursed technique was outpaced by the speed of his adversaries, Dagon fled upward to evade them. He recognized that he could not directly outpace Naobito's speed, so he distracted him with a technique-activation gesture, giving himself just enough of an opening to launch his domain. But let's not get ahead of ourselves; let's first talk about his cursed technique.

Innate Cursed Technique: Disaster Tide

This technique allows the user to manifest large volumes of water and control it using their cursed energy. It is incredibly versatile, allowing for use at all ranges. It can be used as a water shield for close and mid-range combat, and as a large sweeping wave for long-range combat.

Its efficiency depends on the user's cursed energy, and as such it can only be used to its full potential by someone skilled in the use of cursed energy like Dagon. If used to its full potential, this cursed technique can produce water that far surpasses that of the Maximum Elephant. The waves can be used as concussive force or simply to overwhelm opponents by mass and speed.

The crowd-control ability of Dagon's technique makes it valuable especially when he fights alongside his allies, but even when he is alone he has proven to be extremely effective in battle, though perhaps not as much as the rest of his allies.

Dagon's true threat comes when he activates his domain expansion: Horizon of the Captivating Skanda

Dagon's Domain Expansion is conjured when Dagon forms a seal over his stomach. This creates a tropical beach that has a forest of palm trees on one side of the coast and an ocean on the other side, stretching toward the horizon. It has been described as a tranquil domain, and its waters are shallow enough that someone can stand in them near the beach.

The Horizon of the Captivating Skanda has a sure-hit technique that allows the shikigami Dagon creates to automatically strike their target. From the target's point of view, the fish appear suddenly, which makes them nearly impossible to block since the shikigami do not exist until they hit the target, instantly devouring their flesh.

Within his domain, Dagon can use an additional technique, called the Death Swarm

The activation of the Death Swarm summons countless species of marine shikigami that represent the constant source of life in the sea. The man-eating shikigami attack in an endless torrent of shikigami that will keep overwhelming the target and devouring them for as long as the domain's guaranteed-hit function is active.

Dagon precisely assigned specific percentages of his domain's abilities to his targets and nearly wiped out all of his opponents. He was able to overcome Naobito's Falling Blossom Emotion defense by using the endless swarm of shikigami to block his sight before attacking. Once Dagon's infallible attack was neutralized by Megumi, he quickly changed strategy and focused on eliminating the competing domain. Although Dagon initially misunderstood Megumi's intention, he eventually understood that Megumi planned to use his domain to create a hole through which everyone could escape.

It's clear that under normal conditions Dagon would have been able to beat Naobito, Maki, Nanami, and Megumi even working together; it was only Toji's intervention that spelled bad luck for our favorite aberration of the depths, and caused his death given the overwhelming strength of the reincarnated Zenin.

Despite only having one important fight in the entire series and spending most of it in a cursed womb form without much thematic usefulness, Dagon's sudden evolution gives us a greater understanding not only of the emotions of special grade cursed spirits but of how they can come to evolve to that level of power. Additionally, the inspiration behind his physical form and his powers makes him someone quite interesting, and worthy of having prominence in the few chapters in which he had it.
