We've talked a lot on this channel about how rare it is for a sorcerer in Jujutsu Kaisen to be able to use Reverse Cursed Technique to heal themselves or others. This ability seems to be reserved for the most powerful innate sorcerers, and it's clear how it gives them an edge in combat by letting them push past their limits again and again. However, with the possible exception of Shoko, none of the sorcerers who use Reverse Cursed Technique turn it into the centerpiece of their arsenal, or blend it with their innate cursed technique to make it viable. Or at least that would be the case if we set Iori Hazenoki aside.

Hazenoki isn't a main antagonist in the series; in fact, you could say he's relatively inconsequential and minor. Even so, his technique, and specifically its application alongside Reverse Cursed Technique, is one of the most creative uses of cursed energy we've seen in Jujutsu. This ancient sorcerer was, like many others, reincarnated by Kenjaku into a new body for the Culling Games, where he proved to be quite strong by showing he was on Megumi's level. Unfortunately, both Takaba and Kenjaku demonstrated the gap between their techniques and Hazenoki's, and we weren't able to see much detail about his character. The little we know about him has to do with his personality, which seems to be a product of the era he originally comes from. Hazenoki is one of the most aggressive and brutal sorcerers we've seen in the Culling Games, and he seems to enjoy torturing his opponents. Hazenoki's violent tendencies are both an advantage and a disadvantage, making him incredibly capable of inflicting pain and finishing off his opponents, but at the same time leaving him easily enraged and prone to losing his sanity against an opponent who can exploit his personality.

In terms of power level, Hazenoki's knowledge of jujutsu is quite extensive, and he can easily figure out the abilities of most of his opponents, in addition to being able to mix different techniques into his combat skills. Perhaps his most important trait in a fight is his high tolerance for pain, which allows him to get the most out of his cursed technique. Combined with his sadistic personality and his blinding rage that allows him to kill anyone without thinking twice, this makes him someone quite volatile and dangerous.

As I mentioned at the beginning, Hazenoki is able to use Reverse Cursed Technique, which means he can produce a large amount of positive cursed energy. The understanding required for this energy manipulation is quite deep, which demonstrates his knowledge, and the large amount of cursed energy he can produce allows him to keep fighting long after a normal sorcerer would usually have collapsed from exhaustion.

However, his innate cursed technique, Explosive Flesh, is what sets him apart from other psychopaths in the series. Using this technique, Hazenoki can detonate parts of his own body from a distance and use them as bombs. He normally does this by tearing out his eyes or teeth and using them as explosive projectiles that go off on impact with his opponent. Of course, this is what I meant by the synergy between his Reverse Cursed Technique and his Explosive Flesh, since it allows Hazenoki to instantly regenerate the parts of his body, effectively giving him infinite grenades. Hazenoki's personality and pain tolerance are also quite key to using his technique, since without either of these two, the sorcerer wouldn't be able to overcome the mental barrier of having to tear off a part of his own body in order to use his technique.

Although powerful and consistent, Explosive Flesh doesn't seem to be too devastating, since we've seen multiple people survive its explosions relatively unscathed. And of course, the synergy between his techniques is his greatest weakness, since his Explosive Flesh becomes useless without his Reverse Cursed Technique, which ultimately led to his end at the hands of Kenjaku, who disabled his ability to heal below the neck by attacking his spine.

As you can see, Hazenoki isn't the most complex character in the world. Even so, the creativity and the way he uses his techniques warranted this short discussion about him, since he showed us how a relatively minor character can hold some of the best ideas and concepts of this incredibly versatile power system.