There are characters that make us uncomfortable. Characters whose mere presence makes you feel that something is wrong, and that makes your skin crawl just from looking at them. These characters are usually physically grotesque and villains incarnate. However, Hunter x Hunter has my favorite example of this type of character, and not only is he not necessarily a villain, but he is the favorite character of many, many fans, and one of the most important in the entire story, both for explaining how Nen works and for the evolution of the protagonists. Of course, I'm talking about the sociopathic magician, Hisoka, the owner of the legendary Nen ability Bungee Gum, a technique with the properties of rubber and gum.

Hisoka is portrayed as someone completely selfish and self-centered; he does what he likes as long as it brings him pleasure in some way. His insatiable love for spilling the blood of powerful fighters in combat and his enjoyment of extreme pain while doing so feed his apparent sadomasochistic desires. So that the main protagonists can reach their full potential (in order to enhance the pleasure of killing them later), Hisoka allows them to live in situations where he could easily kill them. Likewise, he gets excited about meeting new people he considers worthy of fighting, or anyone with the potential to be a good fighter and entertain him in the future. The thrill of fighting strong Nen users in tactical battles and near-death experiences is an orgasmic experience for him. This is likely one of the reasons he goes to such lengths to find new toys to play with. If they break, he loses interest in them or kills them before setting out to look for more potential prey.

With his manipulative and self-centered nature, Hisoka is essentially a murderous sociopath. Although he likes Gon, Killua, and many others, he has said that for him, what is valuable one day could easily turn into garbage the next, and he will not hesitate to kill anyone if they don't meet his standards. He doesn't care about what happened in the past, since he is only interested in what could be fun for him in the future or the present. Although Hisoka's nature tends to be malevolent, he is not an indiscriminate killer. He has no problem killing anyone regardless of their age or sex; however, he only kills people who are in his way or those he considers "worthy." As such, his character is more simply amoral than completely evil. He even helps the protagonists if there is "fun" in doing so or if it will make them stronger, leading to a more entertaining fight in the future. Above all, Hisoka only cares about having fun and getting a good challenge, which may or may not involve killing people. He has a bad habit of skipping the Spiders' meetings. He can also be a capricious liar and tends to scare or play cruel pranks on his victims. Merely witnessing their uncomfortable expressions because he makes them nervous pleases him. His chaotic nature is inherent in everything he does and makes him dangerously unpredictable.

Hisoka has shown a morbid attraction to fighting powerful fighters, or people with Nen who have the potential to become strong, which is expressed through barely repressed murderous tendencies; neither age nor gender seems to influence his desire to fight them. He has expressed his desire to fight or kill random victims just to quench his thirst for blood. After his defeat at the hands of Chrollo, Hisoka's sociopathic nature has worsened, with him vowing to kill every member of the Phantom Troupe, even if they were defenseless, and stating that he will no longer allow his opponents to fight on their preferred terms. However, he temporarily spared Machi, who has been an implied interest of Hisoka's as a possible opponent he likes to flirt with or as a romantic interest, although he said it was so that she could warn the Troupe of his intentions.

Hisoka often exhibits androgynous characteristics throughout the series, manifested in his use of "feminine" shoes and a seductive speaking style typically reserved for women in Japanese. In the manga, he ends almost all of his sentences with a playing card symbol.

Despite his calm and composed personality, he can express his emotions comically in some situations. One example is when Gon, being honest and rather innocent, asks him why Hisoka was on Greed Island. Another example is his surprised face when he learns that he could not fight against Chrollo after Kurapika's Chain Jail.

Hisoka is famous for his elegant, cruel, and deceptive combat ability, which has earned him the rank of Floor Master, and he has proven to be a lethal adversary. His tremendous physical abilities and combat skills make him extremely dangerous in a fight, and his Nen expertise, tactical genius, and flexibility allow him to quickly adapt to changes in circumstances. Among the opponents he has defeated are the former Phantom Troupe member #4 and the Single-Star Blacklist Hunter, Bushidora, killing the latter without sustaining any injury. He has expressed dissatisfaction with the power level of most Professional Hunters, which led him to consider fighting the Zodiacs to find a new challenge, and indeed, he was able to effortlessly dispatch several Hunters in a short period of time. Illumi Zoldyck, who was estimated by the magician to be even more formidable than some Zodiacs, was careful about facing Hisoka, and even the leader of the infamous Phantom Troupe considered it prudent to prepare a strategy and gather Nen abilities before facing him in order to secure his victory, declaring that Hisoka set a new record for the number of abilities he needed to kill someone.

Hisoka is also a skilled magician and often uses Nen to perform his tricks. His skills in misdirection and his astonishing dexterity find applications in combat, and their combination allowed him to triumph against Kastro. This latter talent also allowed him to catch Togari's spinning knives on the first try, while their owner needed six months to do so. In addition, Hisoka has a certain degree of computer proficiency, which he used to track down Gon and Killua after they bought airship tickets online. By forming a circle with his index finger and thumb and looking through it, he can enhance his vision. It is unknown whether this technique is achieved with Nen, or whether Hisoka can simply enhance his sight by concentrating. Hisoka's enthusiasm for battle often causes him to take more damage than he would if he fought seriously from the start. In fact, his willingness to let Chrollo choose the place and time of their confrontation, as well as to adapt to his pace in the early stages, almost led to his demise.

Hisoka is a Transmuter gifted with a powerful and sinister aura that unsettled Wing and Gon even after the latter had learned Nen. He manifests his high level of skill in his natural category mainly through his Nen ability, Bungee Gum, but he has also proven to be very skilled at controlling the shape of his aura, which is a Transmutation skill. This aptitude may be what allows him to extend threads of elastic aura over distances of several meters without throwing them, which makes their application more subtle. He is also very well versed in Conjuration, the Nen type of his second ability, as well as in Emission and, apparently, in Enhancement. He uses the former to keep aura around projectiles, as well as in conjunction with Bungee Gum, to separate the ability from his body.

His affinity for Enhancement manifests mainly as a notable level of durability. Hisoka survived multiple Nen-enhanced blows from Kastro, an Enhancer, without using his aura to defend himself. Although he was briefly stunned, Hisoka suffered no visible damage from most of Chrollo's attacks, one of which can supposedly decapitate a person with a knife-hand strike, despite the fact that Hisoka could not predict them and was therefore unable to protect himself properly. He appears to have resorted to Manipulation on one occasion, taking advantage of the boost enjoyed by Nen after death to impart an automatic command to his Bungee Gum.

Aside from Hatsu, Hisoka is capable of using at least Ren, Gyo, and Ken, which allowed him to survive multiple explosions of The Sun and Moon detonated in his proximity, although one of his legs was severely mutilated. Like many other high-level Nen users, he can maintain a state of Ten at all times. He is also likely proficient in Zetsu and Ko. The two techniques he employs most frequently are Shu and especially In. With Shu, his poker cards can easily cut through bone and concrete even when he is not holding them. When he applied it to a severed human head, it carried such force that it pulverized other heads it came into contact with, incapacitated several puppets with a single throw, and injured a Nen user of Chrollo Lucilfer's caliber without sustaining the slightest damage, whereas it would break immediately if it were not wrapped in aura. While Hisoka prefers Shu for direct attacks, In is at the center of his strategies, as he combines the technique with Bungee Gum to set elaborate and deadly traps.

Hisoka's Nen prowess is further supported by his knowledge of more abstract notions, such as the strengthening of Nen after death and Exorcism. He also devised the concept of "Memory Overload" and a system for guessing an individual's Nen type from their personality, which, despite him calling it unreliable, has proven to be correct several times.

Hisoka's main ability allows him to make his aura sticky and elastic. Its extreme durability, flexibility, and adhesive properties make it an exceptionally versatile ability with various offensive, defensive, and supplementary applications. He can activate it from his fingers, hands, and feet. He can attach it both through physical contact and remotely, extending it toward the target, which makes it very difficult to avoid. He can command it to contract at will, and it retracts with greater force the more it is stretched. It is so resistant that it did not break after absorbing the full force of a ball thrown by Gon with Rock, or several of Gotoh's coins, which makes it an effective way to return projectiles to their sender.

Offensively, Bungee Gum can be used to draw the opponent toward Hisoka or to create flail-like weapons. He can also separate it from his body, in which case it will break after a maximum stretch of 10 meters. He commonly separates it from his body to attach projectiles to his opponent, such as his Shu-enhanced cards, while concealing it with In. The combination of this latter technique and Bungee Gum allows Hisoka to create multi-layered traps that all activate at once, killing the unsuspecting opponent in an instant. He has also emitted it to restrain individuals as powerful as Machi.

Bungee Gum also has a wide range of auxiliary applications. Hisoka can attach it to a solid surface to retreat at high speed when necessary. By using it on his feet, he can stick to the ground or run along walls. It is also useful for sticking objects in place for traps or for keeping them held down, even after throwing them. By covering a wound with it, he can instantly stop bleeding. On one occasion, he wrapped his lungs and heart with it to resuscitate himself. By creating non-adhesive aura, he can also replace lost limbs, which can be coiled like a spring to propel himself at tremendous speed.

Hisoka can apply his aura to any smooth, flat surface, such as paper or fabric, and manifest images on it to change its appearance and texture in order to deceive. He can replicate more than a thousand different textures. He has fooled Nen users of the Spiders' caliber with this ability, with none of them realizing that he had used it, whether by sight or by touch. Against Kastro, he used Texture Surprise to hide his wounds and confuse him. It can also be applied to pure aura, such as Hisoka's Bungee Gum, to alter its own appearance. Since aura cannot be detected once Texture Surprise is active, whether through sight, touch, or extrasensory perception, and its effects are also visible to people incapable of using Nen, it is safe to assume that Texture Surprise is a Conjuration ability, which is supported by the fact that it requires Hisoka's direct action to be dispelled and by a verb used in its description.

As you can see, not only is Hisoka extremely versatile and flexible in his thinking and actions, but his Nen ability perfectly reflects his character, being one of the most versatile techniques in existence. Additionally, in my opinion it is the Nen ability that best incorporates the base abilities, and Hisoka excellently demonstrates his knowledge in various situations, truly earning the title of a Nen master, in addition to pedophile, sociopath, and fighting addict.