There are character clichés in the world of anime that everyone knows, and one of the most prominent and beloved by many is the hooligan with a heart of gold. Those characters who look aggressive and know how to fight, yet who don't hesitate for a single second to protect the weakest people or to save someone in danger. Even in a fantastical shonen like Hunter x Hunter, we have this kind of character, but with twists that are even more unexpected, which make our character for today, Knuckle Bine, feel fresh and different, and manage to capture the attention of many of us.

True to his character archetype, despite seeming aggressive, Knuckle is very compassionate and is easily moved to tears. He gets along well with animals and feels obligated to protect the defenseless, taking care of the pets abandoned after a genocide. However, Knuckle's empathy sometimes interferes with his mission, making him a talented but troublesome member of the beast hunters, and a mismatched pair with Shoot on their mission during the Chimera Ant arc.

In the past, when Knuckle graduated from elementary school, he punched a police officer to help his friend escape, fleeing from a patrol of cars and motorcycles for a day and a night without being captured. At one point, Knuckle felt motivated to pass the Hunter exam in order to try to protect all the animals he could, and he became the apprentice of Morel, an extremely renowned hunter. An interesting fact is that even though Knuckle is a relatively new hunter, his love for protecting others has led him to wage more than 5,000 battles, an extremely high number for his age.

Despite seeming impulsive and foolish, Knuckle is one of the most strategically patient and intelligent characters in the entire series, demonstrating composure in difficult moments as well as the ability to use his powerful but hard-to-apply technique in extremely creative and effective ways.

In terms of power level, Knuckle has demonstrated considerable abilities in physical combat, being capable of fighting enemies much stronger than himself. He could have defeated Gon with just two punches if not for his kindness, which has often been said to be his greatest weakness. In fact, Killua stated that he is as strong as Kite, physically speaking, but is too soft. Because of his ability, he has adopted a hit-and-run tactic together with Shoot against other Nen users, which consists of capturing or delivering the final blow after the target's Nen is sealed. Knuckle is very versatile, being able to successfully cooperate with various Hunters who have completely different abilities and personalities. Despite being a good strategist, Knuckle is also impulsive and very emotional, which can cause him not to stick to the plan.

A curious aspect is that he is slow to start taking fights seriously, claiming he needs four or five punches to warm up.

In addition, he is very loved by animals, which, according to Ging and his son, is proof of being a good Hunter.

An interesting point is that physically Knuckle is stronger than an Enhancer like Gon, without being an Enhancer himself. He is capable of making him feel as if he were burning after one of his punches.

It is also known that Knuckle is faster than Gon. He demonstrated this by surpassing him in movement speed to the point of being able to appear behind him after landing a punch. Even after repeated battles, and despite matching him in attack speed, Gon considered his eyesight unreliable for following Knuckle and instead relied on his aura. Knuckle managed to dodge multiple attacks from Youpi while fleeing despite the latter's reach, as well as to escape his explosions twice despite being very close to the epicenter just before the detonation. He got used to Cheetu's astonishing speed and was already able to follow him with his eyes after the first exchanges, although his body was too slow to keep up with his reflexes.

Notably, Knuckle is not only fast, but also has very good stamina, being able to maintain his speed for a long time. All of this together makes Knuckle an extremely strong hunter even without using his Hatsu, perhaps even one of the most powerful we have seen, excluding of course the most extreme cases such as Hisoka, Chrollo, or Netero.

As far as his Nen is concerned, being a professional hunter and the disciple of a Single-Star Hunter, Knuckle is a highly trained Nen user. Since he managed to surpass Gon and Killua and inflict significant damage on the former despite his natural category, he also seems to be well versed in enhancement, despite it not being his main category. His abilities in this type helped him survive Gon's full-power attack without lasting injuries despite his lower aura output. Of course, Knuckle's main Nen category is conjuration, given his ability to conjure a Nen beast. He is a capable user of Ko, Ryu, Gyo, and Zetsu. In battle, he can maintain a state of Ken for 20 minutes without the slightest difficulty. He is skilled at anticipating his opponents' movements by analyzing the flow of their aura. He also excels at converting aura into numbers, which is extremely useful for his Nen ability. Thanks to his vast combat experience, he can estimate the general amount of aura an opponent possesses through physical contact, or make more precise guesses through prolonged observation, taking into account their output, stamina, and skill level.

His Hatsu is called Hakoware or Bankruptcy, and it is, in my opinion, the most interesting but complex Hatsu of all the ones we have seen.

Hakoware involves Knuckle conjuring an indestructible Nen Beast called the "Amortization Power Redirector or (A.P.R.)" onto the opponent after they have received a punch from Knuckle, emitting his aura into his opponent. A.P.R. constantly lends Knuckle's aura to whoever it is attached to, which is shown by a rising counter on their forehead. When adding interest, A.P.R. announces "It's time to add interest." As long as A.P.R. is attached, any attack made on Knuckle by his opponent returns aura to him, reducing the counter. Until all the aura lent by Knuckle is returned to him, his opponent cannot physically harm him. The reverse is also true: each of Knuckle's punches only lends more aura to his opponent, without causing damage. The stronger the attack, the more aura is lent or returned. In both cases, the person who receives the blow can still be knocked down by it, despite not suffering any damage.

A.P.R.'s interest rate is 10% of the lent aura, which accumulates every 10 seconds as long as the victim is within 50 meters of Knuckle. As the amount of lent aura (including interest) accumulates, A.P.R. also grows in size. When the aura lent by Knuckle exceeds the opponent's total remaining aura, the opponent "goes bankrupt." Therefore, it is in Knuckle's interest for his opponent to spend/waste as much aura as possible, as fast as possible (as long as that aura is not spent on Knuckle himself). The result is that the opponent's "aura balance" drops much faster until it is below the amount they owe Knuckle (shown by A.P.R.), at which point they can no longer pay their debt, and bankruptcy is established.

Bankruptcy causes A.P.R. to transform into the "Individual Ren Suppressor or (I.R.S.)," a demonic pet that follows the debtor for 30 days and forces them to be in a continuous state of Zetsu. It is worth mentioning that when Knuckle hit Shaiapouf's copy, A.P.R. attached itself to the latter's real body instead of his clone, making it useful against this type of opponent. Furthermore, Knuckle can use Hakoware on multiple targets at once, as well as track their general location at all times, regardless of distance. The ability can be removed by an Exorcist, but it heavily drains the one removing the Nen. It is also canceled if Knuckle is knocked unconscious.

Although the Nen types used by Hakoware are confusing, it is clear that it at least uses conjuration to call the Nen beast, and it is possible that it uses emission to lend his aura to the opponent. It is considered an extremely advanced and precise technique, since it not only requires Knuckle to be able to convert aura into nominal values, but the ability to inflict a state of Zetsu and prevent the user from using their Nen is extremely rare, valuable, and difficult to control.

Knuckle's personality and ability make him one of my favorite characters in all of Hunter x Hunter, and although he is confusing to understand at times, we have seen how he has been able to stay in the fight using his intellect and physical abilities in addition to his Hatsu, even against some of the most powerful opponents we have seen in the series, such as Youpi and Pouf. In addition, the understanding of Nen that Knuckle gives us is easy to undervalue, since thanks to him, its incredible magic system is understood more deeply.