No one would blame you if, when you watch Hunter x Hunter, you focus on the strongest and most complex characters in the series, if Gon, or Killua, or Kurapika, or even Hisoka or Chrollo are your favorites. However, there is another character in the main cast who, although he is the one with the least screen time, has profound effects on the personalities of his companions and on the story itself whenever he finally deigns to appear, and whether you like his personality or not, he is in my opinion the best example of an effective support character in this story. Of course, I am talking about our favorite greedy doctor, Leorio Paradinight.

Leorio is initially presented as a very self-centered narcissist who places great emphasis on material wealth. However, despite his claims that he is only after money, he eventually reveals to Kurapika that his dream is to become a doctor in order to help the poor. He believes that all things in the world (lives, dreams, etc.) can be bought and that becoming a Hunter will provide him with the funds necessary for his medical education. Due to his first confrontation with Kurapika, as well as the test on the way to the navigator's cabin, it seems that he is sensitive toward those who do not take him seriously or treat him with disrespect. His true priorities seem to be his friends first, then his dream of becoming a great doctor, and after that everything else.

Leorio is not someone who backs down when faced with overwhelming odds in a battle. He is a loyal and reliable ally who greatly values the bonds of friendship, and he acts as the 'big brother' of the group. He often provides the comic relief in the story; Killua sometimes teases him about his comparatively older age, even though he swears his appearance is that of a mere teenager. His impulsive and bold nature has sometimes caused more problems for the people around him. Another ability he has is his capacity to "speak plainly" in many situations. You could say that his closest relationship in the group is with Kurapika, since they have spent most of the time together.

An interesting detail is that, at the end of the Yorknew City arc, Melody states that he has "the kindest heartbeat in the city," affirming that "it is warm and gentle" and that he would make a better doctor than Hunter.

To understand Leorio as a character it is important to understand his past. Leorio once lost a close friend, a boy named Pietro, to a debilitating illness. Leorio feels deeply regretful for not having been able to save his friend, since the illness was completely curable but required a surgery that he could not afford. Therefore, he aspires to become a doctor, one who not only cures the sick of their illnesses but also works pro bono for people who cannot afford it. In this sense, his seemingly superficial reason for joining the Hunter Exams in pursuit of great wealth takes on a more noble justification: the money he earns is used not only to fund his medical studies, but also to pay for medicine and other miscellaneous expenses when treating those who cannot afford it.

In terms of abilities and power level, you could say that Leorio's power is centered more on his influence and empathy than on combat abilities. He has shown us how he is capable of earning the trust of even the strongest, and how he is capable of mobilizing the masses. His position as a member of the Zodiacs is not because of how strong he is, but because of how much his fellow Hunters trust him. Of course, that position gives him certain advantages and authorities, allowing him to give orders even if his physical or Nen power does not back him up.

Leorio's actual combat abilities are unknown. During the Hunter Exam, he was able to survive being struck by one of Hisoka's cards, although he was still injured, and Netero declared that his combat prowess was superior to Bodoro's. He left a strong enough impression on Hisoka to be considered an opponent worth giving the chance to "ripen." Despite being moderately observant, Leorio's temper often leads him to act impulsively, and we have not actually seen him do more than land a fairly satisfying punch on Ging using his Nen ability and catching him off guard, although it is clear that Ging let himself be hit in order to make Leorio look good.

As a professional Hunter and Nen user, Leorio has above-average perception, strength, speed, and reflexes, and even among average Hunters he could be considered someone slightly skilled; it is only when we compare him to his three other protagonist companions that he begins to look weak. Leorio is also a specialist in the use of knives and can throw them with enough force to pierce through stone pillars.

Of course, his medical knowledge is quite impressive thanks to his studies. It has been said that his first-aid skills are the best there are, and he is capable of identifying when people are faking unconsciousness just by examining them.

In terms of his Nen, Leorio is an Emitter who leans toward Enhancement. Because he postponed his training in order to apply to university, by the time he reunited with Gon and Killua in Yorknew City, he could only use Ten and was unaware of the existence of other techniques. It is possible that he learned Zetsu in a single day, since he managed to sneak up on Kurapika. However, during the Election of the 13th Chairman, it was shown that Leorio had improved greatly, developing at least one Nen ability. According to Ging, he might also possess another ability that earned him the praise of one of the most skilled Nen users in the world. Ging is of the opinion that Leorio's Nen ability was strongly influenced by his studies in medicine.

His Hatsu is the Remote Punch. After striking an object in his proximity, Leorio emits his aura in a line that travels along a surface from the point of impact to a desired location. A wormhole-like circle is generated, from which a fist emerges that strikes the target with an upward hook, extending far beyond the length of a normal arm. Ging, who imitated this technique, demonstrated that multiple blows can be emitted by striking a surface several times, although it is unknown whether Leorio can do the same.

It is an interesting ability with great potential for surprise attacks or even support to help his companions, and this is without mentioning its possible medical use, perhaps being usable to perform a non-invasive surgery on a patient, and maybe even to cure illnesses with surgeries that were previously impossible. This is clearly what Leorio seeks with his technique, even if unconsciously, thanks to his great motivation to save others.

As you can see, Leorio is much more than a mediocre fighter. He is the one who cares the most about his friends, and the only one in the main group who is truly altruistic in his motivations and actions. His attitudes and actions have not gone unnoticed and have earned him praise not only from Ging but from the rest of the Zodiacs, and he has become, almost by accident, a key figure in the world of Hunters.