What's interesting about cursed techniques in Jujutsu Kaisen as a magic system is the versatility it gives Akutami to create a wide variety of techniques with diverse uses and weaknesses. We have everything from basic abilities that let you hit harder, to abilities that manipulate space and probability to give you an advantage. However, this kind of system always lends itself to some slightly ridiculous abilities, which, when used well, can be just as powerful as the traditional ones. And there's no better example of this than our topic for today, Reggie Star and his technique based on discount coupons.

Reggie, like many others, is an ancient sorcerer reincarnated by Kenjaku to take part in the Culling Games. Although not much is known about him before his reincarnation, he is an important point of conflict specifically for Megumi, and he leads a group of antagonistic sorcerers who seek to get ahead in the Games no matter what, regardless of the means they have to use.

Reggie is an intelligent person with a playful attitude. He quickly adapted to the violence and cruelty of the Games, focusing solely on gathering strong allies while eliminating the weak or anyone who opposed him. Reggie used Remi, a cute girl, to lure in potential allies or targets in order to gain points. He claimed he would never kill her for points and then immediately treated her as completely disposable in battle the next moment, showing what he truly thinks of those who are no longer of use to him.

Reggie's callous attitude extends to his other allies as well. The associates he sought to gather were merely tools he could use to ensure his own progression in the Game. When Chizuru Hari died, Reggie was ashamed that his teammate had been killed without even using his cursed technique. He only wished to avenge Hari to make up for the points lost.

Although Reggie wanted to find allies, it's clear that he enjoys conflict and would discard anyone he deemed unworthy. Willing to engage in a fight, Reggie acknowledges his opponent's strength while remaining supremely confident in himself. This is demonstrated when, after seeing Megumi hold back, Reggie warned the young sorcerer to fight in earnest and to kill, otherwise he would end up dead.

In terms of power level, Reggie is a powerful jujutsu sorcerer whose skill earned the respect of his group of players in the Culling Games, most of whom were strong fighters in their own right. He held his own against Megumi and pushed the young sorcerer to the limit in a battle of jujutsu and deception.

Reggie overcame the Divine Dog, Totality, one of Megumi's most powerful shikigami. Megumi wanted the Divine Dog to take him down in a non-lethal manner, but Reggie drove kitchen knives into its mouth. While fighting alongside Hazenoki to ambush Megumi, Reggie summoned gas to amplify his partner's explosions. After wearing Megumi down, Reggie used a receipt for a day at the spa to rejuvenate himself and pursued him using flying drones and a motorcycle. He outmatched Megumi with his strange combination of martial arts and recreated projectiles.

Even when faced with a domain, Reggie was well prepared with an anti-domain technique. When his barrier failed to protect him, Reggie was still able to withstand the attack of Megumi's incomplete domain. Reggie's strategic mindset and physical endurance were what allowed him to survive and eventually use the domain's conditions against it.

Reggie's preferred form of combat is an unorthodox mix of a random variety of recreated objects and effective martial arts. This combination overwhelmed Megumi, where Reggie knocked him to the ground with a front kick after wounding him with a knife hidden inside a radish.

Even without the use of his cursed technique, Reggie was able to overcome Megumi with pure martial arts. Megumi was forced to acknowledge Reggie's skills and was heavily pressured despite using a cursed tool. Reggie confidently threw fast, powerful combinations of punches and kicks, enhanced by his great physical prowess at an expert level. He was skilled enough to completely outmatch Megumi in both hand-to-hand combat exchanges during their fight.

However, what makes Reggie truly interesting is his innate cursed technique: Contractual Re-Creation.

With this technique, Reggie can burn a contract of any kind, such as a discount coupon, with cursed energy. By doing this, he can recreate whatever was written on it and make it a reality. This isn't limited to physical objects, since, as I mentioned, he was able to burn a spa coupon to obtain its healing effects. The recreated objects can be commanded like shikigami, but once they fulfill their order, they disappear.

Reggie uses his technique creatively, keeping an armor of hundreds of coupons around his body that he skillfully employs for various situations. Reggie uses them both in a straightforward and a supporting manner, creating flying knives or gas to amplify explosions, as well as using drones to pursue his opponent, or vehicles to deal great damage over a wide area, which makes him a fairly versatile sorcerer.

Unfortunately, the Contractual Re-Creation technique has a pretty obvious weakness: water. Since the coupons are made of paper, destroying them with water is the easiest way to prevent Reggie from being able to use them en masse. Of course, the best example of this is the way Megumi was able to use water to trap Reggie and prevent his barrage of objects.

In addition to this, Reggie can use an anti-domain technique that is considered the predecessor of the Simple Domain, called the empty wicker basket. This esoteric technique creates a basket-shaped barrier that neutralizes the barrier of domain expansions and prevents their guaranteed-hit effect. However, against incomplete domains like Megumi's, he runs the risk that the objects or physical creatures generated by the domain could reach him, since they aren't considered a guaranteed hit. Likewise, this technique must be maintained with the user's body in a specific position, leaving him basically paralyzed in a defensive stance.

Reggie's most prominent asset is his analytical mind and his cunning talent for subterfuge. He has a gift for deception and is a strategic fighter who seeks to stay one step ahead of his opponents. Reggie is an analyst who is aware of his situation and seeks to gain an advantage by any means possible. During the early stages of the Culling Games, Reggie theorized that he couldn't take the event at face value. He predicted that Kenjaku would drop a metaphorical bomb on the game after only the strongest players remained. To prepare for this situation, Reggie focused on gathering allies and points. He used Remi to bring players to him where he could assess their abilities. The weak players were eliminated while Reggie tried to recruit powerful sorcerers like Megumi.

As you can see, although Reggie and his Re-Creation are relatively weak when compared to the pinnacle of sorcery, it's the creativity they bring to his way of fighting that makes them interesting. In fact, his fight with Megumi is one of my favorites from this arc, and this makes Reggie Star a fairly memorable character in my eyes.
