The world of the Yokai in Dandadan is one of sadness, tragedy, and horror. These Japanese monsters seem to exist to torment the living in different ways, whether those who interfere with their territory, or those who, for one reason or another, catch their attention. However, we have seen how the Yokai are not necessarily evil, but rather peculiar when it comes to their moral code and their decisions, acting in emotional and not very logical ways, yet with reasons that are not entirely far-fetched. In particular, those Yokai who were born from the strong emotions of living people seem to have unique and specific goals, which makes them easier to understand. We have already seen several Yokai with different motivations and personalities, but I think there is no better example of a Yokai with clear motivations than Acrobatic Silky, or Akusara, the Yokai who lends her powers to Aira.

When she was alive, Acrobatic Silky was a woman in debt who had to work multiple jobs, including serving as a prostitute, working as a janitor, and as a cashier at a store, all while caring for her only daughter, whom she loved deeply. After deciding to use part of the money she earned to buy her daughter a dress, the men to whom she owed money came to her house to collect what she had, beat her brutally, and kidnapped her daughter. The mother desperately chased the van in which the men took her daughter away, but it was in vain, as she fell to the ground and watched helplessly as the van disappeared from her sight. In her despair, combined with the knowledge that she would never see her daughter again, the mother performed one last dance on the rooftop before throwing herself into the void, with her final thoughts focused on her daughter.

The woman's spirit wandered through the city for an unknown amount of time and lost the memories of when she was alive as she became a Yokai, although she felt that she had lost something very important. While she was in the streets, a little girl named Aira Shiratori approached her after mistaking her for her deceased mother, but left with her father upon realizing her mistake. This misunderstanding led the woman to believe that in her previous life she had been Aira's mother, developing an obsession with protecting her. This obsession transformed her into the Yokai we call Acrobatic Silky or Acrosara. She spent the following ten years stalking Aira until she could finally see her again and call her "mother."

Akusara took the form of an extremely tall woman with gray skin, long limbs, and long, silky, jet-black hair. She had a narrow face with sunken eyes, wrinkles on the upper part of her face, and a permanent smile painted with lipstick that exposed her large teeth. She wore red polish on her fingernails and toenails, with long nails on her hands. She walked barefoot while wearing a red wide-brimmed hat and a red dress (similar to the one she had bought for her daughter), with a violet collar that accentuated her long neck. At first, her face looked as it did in life, until the day she met Aira and transformed into a complete Yokai.

Due to her tragic past, in which her daughter was taken from her, Acrosara is a yokai with a desperate need to find a child to love and who would call her "mother." Her main fixation is Aira, after becoming delusional in believing that she had been her mother in life, which led her to obsess over the idea of having her all to herself. Her intentions were also driven by her maternal instincts, as she was willing to sacrifice her own aura to revive Aira, and even tore off her own jaw to assure Momo that she would not try to eat her.

Of course, as her name indicates, both the original human and the Yokai have considerable confidence in their acrobatic and ballet abilities, using these movements as their main martial art. Her exceptional speed, agility, and reflexes allow her to react in time and dodge a fast charging attack from Okarun, who uses Turbo Granny's speed.

In addition, her leg strength is incredible, easily able to send humans flying with a simple kick and able to break free from Momo's psychic force.

Her endurance is a point we cannot overlook either, as she has shown us that she is resilient enough to get back on her feet after taking damage from Okarun's strongest blow and being sent flying through a building.

The main advantage of Akusara's special ability is that it allows her to extend her hair to considerable lengths and manipulate it at will. Her hair can entangle anything in her surroundings, which allows her to capture and throw her opponents. In addition, it helps her traverse difficult terrain at extremely high speeds.

A significant vulnerability of Akusara's acrobatic abilities is her susceptibility to fire, as this could scorch her hair, hindering the process of untangling the objects to which it is attached.

Together with her acrobatic movements, Akusara uses her hair to entangle her surroundings. This allows her to immobilize her enemies, trap them, and even strike them by using her hair against other objects. Her hair can also act as additional limbs, allowing her to grab objects from her surroundings to use as weapons. Her hair is so long and flexible that it can be used as traps, to hinder the movement of her enemies in enclosed spaces.

The inspirations behind this Yokai are quite interesting, as they seem to mix legends from two distinct cultures. Akusara's abilities and appearance are directly inspired by the Japanese urban legend of the same name, about a mysterious entity that resembles a tall and slender woman, with pale skin, dressed in an elegant red dress and a matching wide-brimmed hat. Her long, silky black hair and her unsettling presence make her unforgettable. She is frequently seen in large cities performing dangerous acts, such as dancing atop buildings, moving erratically across distant rooftops, and leaping from them like an acrobat.

After her performance, the spirit vanishes without a trace, leaving onlookers bewildered and terrified. According to the legend, those who witness Akusara's acrobatics are cursed, doomed to experience misfortune or even death.

However, her personality and story more closely resemble the Mexican legend of La Llorona, or the woman who weeps profusely for her lost daughter and is cursed to wander in search of her for all eternity.

This Yokai may be the most interesting in terms of her story, as we see it in its entirety and it allows us to understand that there is more to these Japanese monsters than meets the eye. Additionally, her relationship with Aira is the deepest and friendliest of all the possessed humans, which makes her a character easier to empathize with than Turbo Granny or Evil Eye. Of course, her inspirations are as clear and interesting as those of the other Yokai, but it is impressive how much attention has been paid to a character who is relatively secondary as far as the overall story is concerned, and once again it demonstrates the hidden genius of Dandadan.